"When one opens up another's, and that's the time we discuss of the relaxing or the
purification of the mind. And that purification of the mind, we discuss it also where is mind?
What is mind? Why we need to do this in this talk? Because, by the time our Salvo, everyone
is really clinging on the mind, something that exists. Not just clinging with
a truly existing mind. So that's what we investigate. Where is that mind? We think that mind is.
Where is that mind? Where is it coming? Where is it going? Where is it? Or in the contrast of the
three times.
So we look at that. Again, everyone is trying to make clear this. This is, again, when we
investigate, there is no mind. What is this? What is this generally in the Buddha's teaching?
That we all know. There is true truth. Absolute truth, relative truth. It's, again, very spiritual,
beautiful Buddha pointed out, as nature has, as nature has, relative truth and absolute truth.
So when we are discovering mind, no mind is absolute truth. That is absolute truth. On the relative
truth, we have mind.
These conceptions are a chain, endless chain of conceptions, arising, analyzing, thinking. All that
, we have that.
Nobody, even Buddha, never, we cannot say, we don't have mind in the relative truth. We have mind.
That's what mind is doing. But what we have mind is also never separated from the emptiness mind.
Each of those subtle thoughts, each of those conceptions, I have used as a chain of the conceptions
.
Every instant chain of conceptions are emptiness. And therefore, what the gracious teacher, Buddha
pointed out,
relative truth is one with absolute truth. Absolute truth is one with relative truth.
That's what is known as union. If you look, mind is here. We have to talk and be thinking, all
these things.
But then, where is that? There is no mind. This no mind and this conceptual mind is in several
stages.
So this is why we need to break up no mind. Because all the sentient beings are so grasping and
clinging on that outer coming,
that display of the mind. We are clinging. We are grasping. We are carried by that force.
Force, and we have to get that in the way out. Buddha is pointing out.
Hey, there is no mind. Actually, reality is left.
Every chain of the mind, every instant mind that what we see, we think, is instantly, at that very
moment, is empty.
That worry is not just a moment, maybe. That worry is emptiness.
That's why, for that reason, as I said the other day, the gracious teacher, Nagarjuna said,
"See, how amazing. It is more amazing than the amazing. More marvelous than marvelous."
Think of those days. Truly, it's pointing out directly where nature is, where it is, not covered by
that.
So this is what we did. This is not what we did. According to instruction, we follow with this
coming, going, existing mind.
Every second, what we found, what we found, we found no mind or emptiness mind.
We are pointing out of this mind, we discover this nature of the mind, that according to Buddhism.
It's called discovering the emptiness by analytics. It's analytics.
Of course, it is more sophisticated, more detailed, those logic, the reason, the teaching method.
When we are talking approach, more people, more direct approach, approaching, approaching, we
discuss, we investigate, analyze.
That is the analytical way. And also, sometimes, the name is theoretically, or theoretically,
understand.
What it does, it helps us to where things are. That analytic is very connected to that.
It's connected to where the nature is, the true analytics, what we did.
So we discover there is no mind. That is what we, each of our intelligence, we use and point.
And let me, because of that, as stepping stones, used as stepping stones, then we look to our own
mind.
When we meditate, as the gracious teacher, his only thing we point out is beyond the three times.
Past and the past, future has not yet arrived, and the person, kind of,
provided purpose and just be most of the finest, the subtlest of the ones, and see what is there.
When you see what we see, or what we see, there is nothing to see.
Oh, I have used also what some great masters say, looking to the lookers.
When you look to the looking to the lookers, what do we see?
There is nothing that we can hope.
In that realization, according to Dokti teaching, it is known as self-awareness view.
Self-awareness view, that is not an analytic, that is directly you are or we are beholding where
the nature is,
where the dharmakai is. That is dharmakai.
For that reason, his only thing is how important we are.
Immediately, we can discover the dharmakaya, samadabad, the Buddha.
Immediately, that is dharmakai, samadabad.
So now, when you recognize that, when we discover realizations, when you go, that is realizations,
that realization.
But to be honest, realization is not enough due to our habit pattern.
It is a small window of light of the cloud's path, and you see the blue sky.
But generally, we have thick clouds of the sky.
And immediately, again, clouds will come and cover the sky and block the beautiful beauty of the
sky or the sun.
So, what is the great mass? Realization, understanding, or realization is not enough.
We have to be meditated. We have to meditate.
Meditating is what, in the teaching said, I said the other two.
The other day, I mentioned that meditation is not just making something.
Are you making or are we making familiar of the world and nature?
We are making familiar.
Even nature is so long, with us, from the biggest time, this dharmakai nature is.
But we look the narrow direction, wrong direction.
We delude. We mad because by the deception of the delusions, we mad our own nature as aliens.
We mad that. We have to make familiar.
So, that's called meditation. In the teaching said, gongamai, gongbai.
Meditation is not enough just only.
We have to do continuations, continuations, meditating.
And because the thick cloud of the duality is covered us, we have to do continuations.
And look and read the life story of those great masters.
And how many years they practiced in the cave, not just once in a while, in a day,
or once in a while, in weeks, once in a while, in months, or thought, half an hour at that.
They practiced it. Like many years in the cave, in the mountain, really, they did it.
And read the life story of the great master, Malarikas.
Read the life story of the great master, Nkimbas.
Read the life story of the great master, Njimma Nkimbas.
And read the life story of the great master, Malarikas.
How many they practiced in Malarikas.
And read the life story of the powerful, Nkimbas.
Really, they practiced. That means they practiced it.
Ultimately, what we are discussing here, they didn't do anything else than what we are discussing,
what we are going through today. They are teaching us.
This teaching is not just the intellectually covered teaching.
This is realization as what they realized and they taught.
Told. That's what Buddha did.
Buddha not just speaking and lecturing, can't do something, what's suitable with that.
Exactly what they realized by the Buddha Chakra himself.
And he shared that knowledge, shared that wisdom through the compassion,
or infinite compassion, compassion and loving kindness that they practiced.
Then, by practicing, even Buddha Chakra money, for example, that we all know.
He did six-year ascetic practices. Six-year ascetic practices.
That's what the teachings say. And then become the Buddha.
But according to that, there's many different ways to understand and explore these meanings
according to teachings.
But that's what… but how even, of course, Zobti teaching is very special.
We have… first of all, we met Zobti teaching because of our 14 karmic connections.
That means Zobti teaching belongs to each of us.
This is really… this is our… what's called… policy of grandparents' heritage, that heritage.
In a way, it is our inheritance. We connect to this.
That means we're quite fortunate.
So we really motivated the good and we really will get some good result.
Even we didn't get enlightenment, even it didn't become as unchi,
but even it didn't become as part… as the great Master Padrum himself said,
that if you practice the method, even you didn't get enlightenment this lifetime,
but still you will leave this world with happy and joy, with your goals.
Really, that's what he gets. And that's what I witnessed to you, myself.
Those great practitioners really left this world with full of joy and happy, peaceful,
and no worries, nothing really strange.
Left a blue way as bird in the sky. Really put it there.
That's how. This is what the practice is.
So now to put this practice in action.